JarvisCpp Project


- Intro -

The goal of Jarvis is to become a AI-like Digital life assistant.
I have been inspired by Chad Barraford (http://sparktheorylabs.com/projects/project-jarvis/) who was himself inspired by the movie Iron man, where the main character, Tony Stark, is aided by a futuristic computer assistant, that he refers to as Jarvis.
The difference between JarvisCpp and Chad Barraford's Project Jarvis is that I wish to take his approach one step further. He uses Applescript and BASH Processing, and so his software is limited in terms of portability and efficiency. JarvisCpp is as the name sugests a C++ based program, therefore has the potential to be extremely efficient and responsive, which is in my opinion an essential feature in realistic interaction with such DLA.

The basic concept of the JarvisCpp DLA is as follows: JarvisCpp will respond to questions and routines of a user, as well as being an integral part of his/her life by being aware of things such as user location, calendar/schedule, routines and so on. JarvisCpp will only be AI-like but not AI because it will only respond to queries and perform routine tasks entered by a user, but will not make decisions by itself. Its AI-likeness is limited to improving it efficiency and accuracy, as well as in the future possibly being able to expand its functionalities by itself.


- Technical details -

General structure:

The structure of JarvisCpp is built up of three main programs; The Operator, the controller and the informer. 
The reason for this separation is to allow it to expand itself in the future, as well as allowing for self-awareness of crashes so as to restart its own components. 
1. Operator (Jarvis program): The stable program. It will start/stop/restart the other two components as well as notify of critical things.
2. Controller (Brain program): The relayer of information, will contain the input processing and all the modules.            
3. The Informer: Will handle events, actions and notifications, as well as time tracking.

More to come soon, I need to make this 30 page document I made concise (:

Jeff